feat!: Raycasting and raytracing (#1785)
flame-engine/flame: doc/flame/collision_detection.md

```

## Ray casting and Ray tracing

Ray casting and ray tracing are methods of sending out rays from a point in space in your game and
be able to see what the rays collide with and how their reflections would be after hitting
something.

### Ray casting

Ray casting is the operation of casting out one or more rays from a point and see if they hit
anything, in Flame's case, hitboxes.

We provide two methods for doing so, `raycast` and `raycastAll`. The first one just casts out
a single ray and gets back a result with information about what and where the ray hit, and some

> extra information like the distance, normal and the reflection ray. The second one, `raycastAll`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extra information like the distance, the normal and the reflection ray. The second one, `raycastAll`,
```

> works similarly but sends out multiple rays uniformly all around the origin, or within two angles
> from the origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
works similarly but sends out multiple rays uniformly around the origin, or within an angle
centered at the origin.
```

To use the ray casting functionality you have to have the `HasCollisionDetection` mixin on your
game. After you have added that you can call `collisionDetection.raycast(...)` on your game class.

Example:

```dart
class MyGame extends FlameGame with HasCollisionDetection {
  @override
  void update(double dt) {
    super.update(dt);

>     final ray = Ray2(Vector2(0, 100), Vector2(1, 0));

Reviewer: Is it too late to change the signature of `Ray2` to have the arguments named? I.e. `Ray2(origin: Vector2(0, 100), direction: Vector2(1, 0))`. Otherwise, it may be confusing as to which vector represents what.

Author: I had it like that first, but I heard it is a bit more expensive with named arguments, but I have no idea of how much more expensive. So maybe it is worth it?

Reviewer: Ok, let's keep as-is then.

Author: Haha, just updated! It is so much easier to read.

    final result = collisionDetection.raycast(ray);
  }
}
```

In this example one can see that the `Ray2` class is being used, this class defines a ray from an
origin position and a direction (which are both defined by `Vector2`s). This particular ray starts
from `0, 100` and shoots a ray straight to the right.

> The result from this operation will either be `null`, if the ray doesn't hit anything, or a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result from this operation will either be `null` if the ray didn't hit anything, or a
```

`RaycastResult` which contains:

>   - Which hitbox that the ray hit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Which hitbox the ray hit
```

If you want to limit the directions you can use the `startAngle` and the `sweepAngle` arguments.
Where the `startAngle` (counting from straight up) is where the rays will start and then the rays
will end at `startAngle + sweepAngle`.

If you are concerned about performance you can re-use the `RaycastResult` objects that are created
by the function by sending them in as a list with the `out` argument.

### Ray tracing

Ray tracing is similar to ray casting, but instead of just checking what the ray hits you can
continue to trace the ray and see what its reflection ray (the ray bouncing off the hitbox) will
hit and then what that casted reflection ray's reflection ray will hit and so on, until you decide
that you have traced the ray for long enough. If you imagine how a pool ball would bounce on a pool
table for example, that information could be retrieved with the help of ray tracing.

Example:

```dart
class MyGame extends FlameGame with HasCollisionDetection {
  @override
  void update(double dt) {
    super.update(dt);
    final ray = Ray2(Vector2(0, 100), Vector2(1, 1)..normalize());
    final results = collisionDetection.raytrace(
      ray, 
      maxDepth: 100,
    );

>     for(final result in results) {
>       if(result.intersectionPoint.distanceTo(ray.origin) > 300) {
>         break;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    for (final result in results) {
      if (result.intersectionPoint.distanceTo(ray.origin) > 300) {
        break;
```
